User usage protocol
Chapter I General principles.  1.1. The "PushBox" platform (hereinafter referred to as "the platform") provides services in accordance with the provisions of the "PushBox" Network Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement"), and this Agreement shall have contractual effect. When registering, please read this Agreement carefully and review it and accept or reject it. 1.2.The user registration PushBox represents agreement to all the terms of this Agreement and shall complete the registration process in accordance with the instructions on the page. By clicking the "register" button during the registration process, the user and the platform have reached this agreement and have fully accepted all the terms and conditions of this agreement. This agreement shall have legal effect between the user and the platform. Legally binding on both parties. 1.3. By registering as a user of this platform, I have fully read, understood and agreed to enter into this Agreement with the platform and to be bound by the terms of this Agreement voluntarily.This platform has the right to change this Agreement, the effective content of the agreement shall be subject to the online version of the platform. The revised terms of the platform shall take effect automatically once they are published on the platform.  Chapter II Rights and obligations of users.  2.1. Only natural or legal persons who meet one of the following conditions may apply to become users of the platform and may use the services of the platform: 2.1.1 natural persons who have attained the age of 16 and have civil capacity and capacity for civil conduct. 2.1.2 organs, enterprises, public organizations and other organizations established and lawfully existing in accordance with Chinese laws, regulations and administrative rules; and organs, units or organizations without legal personality shall not be registered as users of the platform, The agreement between the platform and the platform shall be invalid from the beginning, and the platform shall have the right to terminate the service to the user as soon as it is discovered, and to hold it liable for all legal consequences caused by the invalidity of the agreement. 2.2. According to the operating requirements of the platform and the links involved in the use of the platform, True and accurate registration information (including, but not limited to, real name, age, address, identity card and related information or registration information related to legal persons) shall be provided to the platform to ensure that the platform can communicate with users through the above contact information, At the same time, users must update the relevant information in this platform in time when the relevant information changes. 2.3. Users of the platform shall abide by the laws, regulations and other relevant provisions of the State, support the leadership of China and the socialist system, shall not harm the honour and interests of the State or infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, We will actively safeguard public order and social morality and ensure the authenticity of information. 2.4. User base configuration using the "PushBox" platform: 2.4.1, self-equipped with the equipment required to access the Internet, including mobile phones, modems or other essential Internet access equipment. 2.4.2 the telephone charges, network fees and orders generated on the platform (including, but not limited to, the above login network fees) paid by the individual for his or her services on the Internet at one's own expense. 2.5 platform users shall not register platform accounts with false information, including, but not limited to, names, addresses, mobile phones, identity cards and other relevant information or legal person registration information, And it has the obligation to ensure that the information released on this platform is true, accurate, complete, non-misleading and does not infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of others. 2.6. The contents of the platform registered by platform users shall not contain illegal information or bad information, Including but not limited to the following illegal and illegal acts: use the platform to engage in money-laundering, steal trade secrets, steal personal information and engage in money-laundering in third-party login platform and other illegal and criminal activities to damage the platform or the interests of others. 2.7. The contents published on the platform by users of the platform shall not violate the provisions of the laws, regulations, rules and other normative documents of the State, and may not infringe upon the intellectual property rights or other lawful rights and interests of others, Shall not violate the social public interests or public morality, shall not violate other relevant provisions of the platform. 2.8. Orders on this platform shall abide by the principle of good faith, and users shall not manipulate or interfere with the publishing needs and skills, disrupt the order of online orders by unfair competition, and may not engage in improper acts unrelated to online orders. It shall not disturb the normal order of purchase and seek illegitimate interests. 2.9. Users of the platform shall not register multiple accounts, use associated accounts or seek illegitimate benefits by other improper means. Forbid providing false demand, swapping praise, obtaining praise through deception or other improper means, brushing orders, obtaining red envelopes and other platform rewards for offsetting cash and consumption, etc. Improve their own or other people's credit or malicious evaluation of other users, reduce the credit of other users. 2.10. Users undertake to abide by the provisions of national laws, regulations and other normative documents and the relevant provisions of the platform, as well as various social and public interests or public morals, in all acts committed to the use of the platform. In case of violation of relevant regulations or public interest, public morality, the user will bear full legal liability, the platform will not bear any direct or indirect, joint and several liability. 2.11 in the process of ordering on this platform, if disputes arise between users and other users because of violation of orders, they may refer them to the platform by way of feedback, report, complaint, etc. The platform shall be handled in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of the State, this Agreement and other provisions of the platform. This platform has the right to make public the illegal and illegal acts within the platform. 2.12, platform user pays money in good faith for voluntary behavior, after order expires, if do not clinch a deal, reserve gold can return to the balance account of user.
2.13. Without the written permission of the platform, Users are not allowed to make commercial use of any material of the platform and any information displayed on the order platform (including, but not limited to, the production, distribution or public display of derivative works in the form of reproduction, modification, translation, watermarking, etc.). 2.14. The contents of user's registered account shall be filled in accordance with the requirements of the platform specification, and the content prohibited by the following laws, regulations and policies shall not be made, uploaded, copied, published or disseminated by using the "PushBox" account or the platform's service items. Includes but is not limited to the following situations: 2.14.1, those who oppose the basic principles established by the Constitution and incite, resist, or undermine the implementation of the Constitution and laws and administrative regulations. 2.14.2 incitement to subvert the state power, overthrow the socialist system, incite or split the country and undermine national unity. 2.14.3 damage to the credibility, honour and interests of the State. 2.14.4 inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination and undermining national unity. 2.14.5 any discrimination on the grounds of race, sex, religion, geographical content, etc. 2.14.6 fabricating or distorting facts, spreading rumors or disturbing social order. 2.14.7 propagating feudal superstitions, cults, obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror, instigation of crime. 2.14.8 an act of openly insulting another person or fabricating facts to slander the legitimate rights and interests of another person, or carrying out other malicious attacks. 2.14.9, containing other contents prohibited by laws and administrative regulations. 2.15. Users shall not use the PushBox account or this service to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate content that interferes with the normal operation of the PushBox or infringes the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties. 2.15.1, containing any sexual or sexual implication. 2.15.2, containing insults, threats or threats. 2.15.3, containing harassment, spam, malicious information or deceptive information. 2.15.4, involving the privacy, personal information or data of another person. 2.15.5 infringe upon the lawful rights of others, such as the right of reputation, portrait, intellectual property, trade secrets, etc. 2.15.6 other information that interferes with the normal operation of the service and infringes upon the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties. 2.16. Users shall not log on to the platform or compromise services provided by the platform in the following ways: 2.16.1, use a PushBox server, tamper with the PushBox Code or other related acts damaging the PushBox system. 2.16.2, to access, register or log on to the platform by any machine software, third-party add-in software or other automated means; and to use software or other viruses that interfere with, impair or restrict the functionality of any computer software, hardware or communications equipment, To interfere with the normal operation of the platform. 2.16.3 attempts to circumvent the platform's security settings or network systems, including security measures to obtain data that users should not have access to, log on to servers or accounts that are not explicitly authorized, or spy on other networks by, for example, running port scans. 2.16.4 obtain information on the services or platforms provided by PushBox in a manner that may result in an unreasonable load on the computer system or facility of the PushBox, or engage in conduct that may result in such a situation. 2.16.5 implement any form of network surveillance, intercept information that has nothing to do with itself, register multiple accounts, Obtain rebates, coupons, or any financial benefits by self-invitation, mutual invitation, or by improper means such as multiple cell phone or email registrations. 2.17. After the user account has been suspended or blocked, the platform still has the right to retain all the user's registration information and past order records. PushBox shall still have the right to exercise the rights stipulated in this Agreement and to hold the user legally liable for any illegal or irregular acts committed by the user on the platform or for any violation of this Agreement and the relevant provisions of the platform. 2.18. Users agree to receive information from the platform, including but not limited to activity information, order information, promotion information, etc. 2.19. Users shall abide by the contents of this Agreement and the service rules published by the platform. If the users violate this Agreement and the Service rules and regulations, they shall be responsible for and liable for the losses incurred by the users themselves. 2.20. In response to the requirements of the "regulations on the Management of Information Services for Mobile Internet applications" of the State Internet Information Office, users shall be authenticated by their real names when using this platform. If registration is completed on the platform and the registration is successful and the real name authentication is completed, the PushBox account will be automatically opened with the right to publish information and provide skills services and withdrawal rights, and all procedures shall be operated in accordance with the provisions of the platform. 2.21. When operating the platform-related use, the user is deemed to agree with the requirements of the platform for this behavior. If there is an objection, you can reject and stop the operation of the relevant behavior, stop the use of the platform.  Chapter III Rights and obligations of the platform.  3.1. The platform has the obligation to strive to ensure the normal operation of the entire online communication platform on the basis of the existing technical level and to make every effort to avoid or limit the interruption of services to the shortest possible time, To ensure the smooth progress of users' online communication activities. 3.2. The platform shall have the right to temporarily interrupt the service when it is necessary to change the layout, upgrade the app system, add (or adjust) service functions and so on. The platform will be announced when the above actions are carried out, depending on the specific circumstances. 3.3. The platform is dedicated to providing users with a platform for exchanging information on needs and skills, and is an order market for employers to publish requirements and service providers to provide solutions. Within the scope of the existing capabilities and technical level, the platform will monitor both parties to ensure the successful completion of the order, and has no right to intervene in the order process except under special circumstances. 3.4. The platform has an obligation to respond to problems and responses to orders or registrations encountered by users in registering to use the platform information. 3.5. The platform shall have the right to review the registration information of users, and shall have the right to issue notices to inquire about users and to request explanations and corrections if there are any doubts or objections to the registration information.
3.6. The platform has the right to deduct money from users who are suspected of violating the law, such as abnormal withdrawals; the right to dispose of accounts, seal numbers, etc. 3.7. If the user has a dispute arising from the platform order, he shall appeal to the platform and provide relevant certification materials. The platform has the right to understand the dispute through both parties to the dispute. After review and confirmation, the parties will inform the parties of the results; if the relevant departments provide information and materials according to law, the platform will have the right to cooperate and provide relevant information. 3.8. The Platform reserves the right to delete or take other restrictive measures without notice to the user, including but not limited to the purpose of avoiding expenses; for the purpose of speculative credit; there are malicious or false contents such as fraud; Online orders are irrelevant or not for order purposes; there are malicious bids or other factors that attempt to disrupt the normal order order; other actions that violate the public interest or may harm the legitimate interests of the platform and other users. 3.9. According to the provisions of national laws, regulations, rules and other regulatory documents, the relevant provisions of this agreement and the platform, and the factual basis of the platform, the user may be found to be in violation of the law or in violation of this agreement and on the platform of the platform. Other misconducts on the platform, the platform has the right to publish the user's illegal acts in the form of web publishing on the platform of the platform and on the platform without the consent of the user, and has the right to delete relevant information, restrict user rights, and terminate at any time. Service provision and other processing, and has the right to pursue the user's legal responsibility.
Chapter IV Recharge and Consumption
4.1. Recharge use Users can recharge to PushBox account through Alipay, WeChat and other third-party payment platforms. The recharge amount can be used for all orders on the platform. Including but not limited to sincerity, deposit, full payment and other consumption and payment.
Users can purchase VIP value-added services using Apple's in-app purchase IAP. 4.2. Special Explanation 4.2.1. Total Composition The total amount refers to the recharge principal paid by the user, the order commission earned through the platform and the various forms of reward cash on the PushBox platform. These sums will constitute the total account of the user. 4.2.2. Validity of the total amount The total validity period is from the date of entry into the PushBox account until the end of consumption; the cashable portion can be withdrawn until the approval is completed. 4.2.3. Total usage rules The total amount includes user income and user recharge. The platform rewards (except for the cash bonus of the login reward) and the recharge are classified into the “My Recharge” account. The payment can be used but not limited to Sincerity, deposit and full amount, but cannot be transferred and withdrawn.
4.2.4. Balance Cost and Refund Policy If the user has already incurred a platform order and needs a refund later, the deposit will be refunded to the user's balance account for the next purchase. 4.2.5. About platform reward use and recharge instructions All the rewards that users receive on the platform, including but not limited to login, invitation authentication, topics, reports, sweepstakes, and other rewards, are awarded to the user's top-up account. , can be used for all legitimate consumption of the platform, can not apply for cash withdrawal. 4.2.6. Inviting a friend to register the two parties' reward instructions After registering the platform, the user invites the friend to register the PushBox, and the voucher reward obtained by the inviter is placed under the account of the user, which can be used for platform order consumption, and cannot be applied for cash withdrawal. 4.3. Justification guarantee All the promotion activities of the platform including recharged gifts are only for users who use the platform properly, reasonably and legally. PushBox reserves the right to cancel a user if there is a rule loophole in the PushBox platform for any form of cheating (including but not limited to billing, fraud, etc. to obtain improper economic benefits through the activities of the platform) or violation of the relevant provisions of the platform (agreement). Cheating (or irregularities) the credit amount of the relevant account, recovering the unfair economic benefits of the user, and dealing with related accounts (related treatments include but not limited to banned, sealed, rejected, cash back, related economic losses, prosecution Legal liability, etc., and reserves the right to cancel the user's subsequent use of the platform, and to pursue your legal liability according to the severity.
Chapter 5 User Service
(1) Definitions and Interpretations The following terms used in this Agreement and the relevant provisions of other agreements of this Platform shall have the following meanings unless otherwise defined: 5.1. “This Platform” means PushBoxAPP products, official website, H5 page, public number Features such as the official PushBox official products. 5.2. “User” means the conditions stipulated in the “PushBox Use Agreement”. It has been registered on the Platform according to the “PushBox Use Agreement” and agrees to abide by the various rules and conditions of this platform (including but not limited to the service agreement) and use this Individuals of the platform (PushBox currently only accepts personal placement platforms, and does not support institutions and businesses to enter the office at present. The institutions or businesses that are in the name of individuals are temporarily not protected by the platform). 5.3. “This Service Agreement” means the online order service agreement provided by the Platform under this Service Agreement and the “PushBox Usage Agreement”, “PushBox Recharge Agreement”, “PushBox Service Guarantee” and “About PushBox” included in the PushBox User Manual. , "Audit Specifications", "PushBox User Code of Conduct" and other relevant provisions of the platform. At the same time, the platform reserves the right to change and modify the above regulations at any time, and use the online version as the effective version. 5.4. “Da Ren” refers to the user who has registered as a platform and who has placed an order under the “PushBox Usage Agreement” and “Audit Specifications”. 5.5. “Order” refers to the act of complying with the platform norms, providing formal orders as appeals and satisfying the legitimate claims of others on the platform by providing labor in the form of labor. 5.6. “Requirer” means a user who has registered as a platform and who publishes the requirements in accordance with the PushBox Usage Agreement and the Auditing Specification. 5.7. “Order”, also known as “demand”, refers to the legal demand of the demander on the platform for the labor of the person. 5.8. “Sincerity Gold” refers to the money paid by the registered users of the platform in advance to express the appeal intention before the order. (II) About the platform 5.9. This platform only provides users with a platform for mutual information and orders, and acts as a communication and matching medium between buyers and sellers. 5.10. The order published on this platform is the labor service released by the user, which is not owned by this platform. All the people on the platform have no labor contract relationship with the platform, and the platform is not responsible for the parties involved in the labor relations. For the user's services published on the platform, the information provided, and the process of participating in the invitation and bidding, the platform has made relevant audits and information on violations of the Platform's Auditing Rules and related regulations (including but not limited to pornography, reactionary, Violation of laws and regulations, etc., but not responsible for the authenticity of the user's product information. For any dispute arising from an order, the platform serves as a platform for information integration and can provide interventional mediation, but is not responsible for the final result. If the user disagrees with the mediation result, PushBox is obliged to provide the relevant judicial department or administrative department with relevant information about the disputed user's order on the platform, and assist the relevant judicial department or administrative department to make judgments and decisions. When users use the platform to make orders, they must understand and abide by the following: a) The person and the demander must determine the authenticity, legality and accuracy of the order information, the person and the demander information through their own discretion. b) The person and the demander must be fully responsible for the fulfillment of the order. c) The person and the demander must resolve the dispute caused by the order. The platform can participate in mediation, but has no right to decide and influence the outcome of the dispute. d) The person and the demander must bear the expenses incurred by the order. e) Daren and demanders must understand and comply with the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China. f) The person registering the PushBox platform, the order is to agree to provide a compliant, authentic, and legal order. Daren is free to choose to pay the order sincerity according to his or her own situation. The credit commitments paid by Daren in issuing orders are only used to improve the reliability of information and are not used as a basis for disputes. 5.11 The user agrees to abide by the "Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Maintaining Internet Security", "Measures for the Administration of Internet Information Services", "Secrecy Law of the People's Republic of China", "Regulations on the Confidentiality of International Network of Computer Information Systems", and "The Chinese People" Regulations on the Security Protection of Computer Information Systems of the Republic, the Administrative Measures for the Protection of International Networking of Computer Information Networks, the Interim Provisions on the Administration of the International Network of Computer Information Networks of the People's Republic of China, and the Implementation Measures, etc., and the registration of the Any use of the Platform's actions and results is solely responsible. In any event, if the Platform has reason to believe that the user's actions, including but not limited to any of the user's statements and other acts, violate or may violate any of the above laws and regulations, the Platform may at any time without prior notice. Termination of the provision of services to the platform to users. By entering the platform for order, it means accepting the service agreements, rules and announcements of the platform and accepting the services and specifications provided by the platform system, and concluding all relevant agreements of the platform through the form of electronic agreements. 5.12 Rights and Obligations of Daren 5.12.1 As a person, when placing an order, it should first judge whether there is any right to sell the subject or whether the order is legal according to the Restriction and Prohibition Rules. Provide the correct order name and accurate, true and complete description in accordance with the Rules for the Publication and Distribution of Commodities, and provide physical pictures and other information. Upon confirmation of the submission of the sale target, the representative promises and guarantees to provide a compliant, authentic and legal order. 5.12.2. The person can modify or delete the information published online. The effective information is subject to the information published online, but PushBox has the right to blame the illegal or illegal behaviors that the user has posted or has not released. 5.12.3. After the requester is invited, the person is obliged to make pre-sales communication answers to the questions of the demander and the matters involved in the order. Daren shall not entice the demander to transfer to other third-party platforms in communication, and may not require the demander to pay in advance in the name of red envelope and transportation fee. 5.12.4. The person and the demander confirm the order, and after reaching the order consensus, the representative agrees to provide the order. When the demander is not informed in advance, the party shall not unilaterally make an appointment without notifying. Otherwise, the demander has the right to pursue the related losses. 5.12.5. When the person issues the order, the representative agrees to guarantee the authenticity of the order upload information, and guarantees that the order provided is the same as the order issued by the platform. If they are inconsistent, the demander has the right to report, and the platform does not rule out the relevant legal responsibility of the person. 5.12.6 After the person is invited to quote, the order shall be made according to the quotation or the agreed price. Do not change the order items or change the price without authorization. If there is no agreement, the order must be terminated before the order is started. If it is not terminated, it is deemed to agree to the order according to the invitation information. If the service is changed or terminated midway due to the person's reasons, the demander and the platform have the right to pursue relevant legal responsibilities. 5.13. The rights and obligations of the demander 5.13.1 After the demander issues the demand, it means that the platform is authorized to disclose the necessary information to the person and agree to accept the matching order provided by the PushBox platform. The demander is obliged to follow all the agreements in the platform manual. This includes, but is not limited to, the requirements for publishing requirements as specified in the PushBox Usage Agreement, the PushBox User Code of Conduct, the Auditing Specification, and all other agreements in the Platform. 5.13.2. As a demander, the User User Agreement and the personal data of the assessment person should be reviewed in detail before the release of the requirements (including not limited to nicknames, avatars, my profile, educational experience, competition description, work experience, service introduction, Honor qualifications, professional documents, etc., texts, audio and video materials), after fully understanding the information of the person, publish the demand, once released, on behalf of the demander has understood and agreed to the order information and order content of the person. 5.13.3 In order to better meet the needs of the demanders, the platform is obliged to provide broadcasts for the needs of the demanders during the validity period of the requirements, including but not limited to push, platform system messages, SMS, and telephone. 5.13.4. The demander has the right to enjoy the invitation of the person within the validity period of the order until the order is released. During the validity period of the order, in order to guarantee the order of the person, the demander shall not delete or close the current order; after the expiration of the order validity period, the remaining earnest money of the order will be automatically returned to the PushBox user balance account. (III) Selling and purchasing services 5.14. Users of this platform must follow the following service rules when making purchase orders: 5.14.1, all operations and orders of users outside the platform, PushBox platform has no right to interfere, if The PushBox platform is not responsible for any disputes arising. 5.14.2. Items and services that are prohibited or restricted from being sold shall not be provided as the subject matter and gifts of the order. 5.14.3. It is not allowed to customize any order requirements that do not conform to the spirit of this agreement in the contents of the order, including but not limited to all the agreements of the platform, such as the Auditing Specification and the PushBox User Code of Conduct. 5.14.4. Do not use this platform for any fraudulent acts; the person must guarantee the right to legally dispose of the goods or services for sale, and does not involve the violation of the rights of others. If necessary, the person is obliged to provide the demander with relevant information. Relevant supporting documents (including but not limited to authentication qualifications, skills certification, etc.) of the goods or services for sale. 5.14.5 If, in accordance with the law, the purchase or sale of a particular good or service requires prior authorization or permission, the person and the demander must hold or obtain the relevant license or permit before placing the order. 5.14.6. Users are not allowed to manipulate orders, such as deliberately lowering bids and using free services as other unfair marketing methods such as Shantou. 5.14.7. Do not interfere with the order in progress. For example, when other people are approaching or ordering, the person must not interfere with the demander's decision or block the order by smashing or blocking other people's communication of the order. 5.14.8. For the confirmation of the order, if the demander has paid the deposit or the full amount, it is regarded as the beginning of the order, and the person is responsible for making the order according to the price of the invitation or the price agreed by both parties, unless the demander’s information is untrue and the person cannot Confirmation of its identity or force majeure may result in the order not being able to continue; for orders that have been confirmed to begin, the demander is responsible for making the order according to the price quoted by the person or the price agreed by both parties, unless the information of the person is untrue, the demander cannot confirm the identity or have Force majeure caused the order to continue. 5.14.9 All registered users engaged in business activities using this platform shall abide by the Interim Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Electronic Commerce. (IV) Terms of publication and release of goods5.15. In order to ensure the smooth progress of the order, the user registration means that the user understands and agrees to abide by all the protocols and platform specifications in the user manual of the platform. Once the user violates the relevant provisions of the “Audit Code” and “PushBox User Code of Conduct”, the platform The right to warn the relevant users to freeze, terminate or terminate their accounts is reserved, and the legal liability caused by such acts is entirely borne by the relevant users and has nothing to do with the platform. (5) Items and orders prohibited from being sold 5.16. Users of this platform may not sell articles and orders that are prohibited by national laws, regulations or this platform. Articles and orders that restrict orders to national laws and regulations shall be sold and ordered in accordance with the conditions stipulated by relevant laws and regulations. Once the platform finds any items or services that prohibit the order or the order does not meet the special order conditions, it has the right to delete the relevant information and reserve the right to warn the user, freeze or terminate the account. Before you prepare to apply the platform for ordering, you should carefully read all the protocols and platform related provisions in the user manual of this platform. The legal liability caused by the illegal order is completely borne by the relevant users and has nothing to do with the platform. (6) Authorization 5.17. Once the information and materials of any order items or orders are uploaded, imported or provided to the platform, it is deemed that the user has allowed the platform to promote the platform or order items, orders (including yours or others). For the purpose of unconditionally re-manufacturing, distributing, modifying, displaying, publicly broadcasting, and publicly transmitting such materials on other platforms, websites, media, etc. other than the platform, and users will not use this platform or other platforms or websites, The media raised objections. (VII) Security Orders 5.18. The platform provides various authentication mechanisms including mobile phone authentication, identity authentication, Alipay certification, WeChat authentication, Weibo authentication, Sesame credit certification, and skills certification. The platform is based on the principle of “advocacy is not mandatory”, and users submit their own certification materials according to their individual circumstances. The platform encourages users to select users with authentication IDs to interact. Disputes and responsibilities arising from violations of non-certified users are not related to the platform. (VIII) Effectiveness 5.19. All specifications and instructions for use published on this platform constitute part of this service agreement and should be observed by all users. 5.20. The Platform reserves the right to modify or change this Service Agreement and other relevant regulations at any time. If there are any major changes or modifications to the above provisions, the revised above provisions shall take effect from the time of publication. If the user continues to use the platform after the above provisions are modified, the user is deemed to have accepted and voluntarily complied with the revised regulations. (9) Violation of the use specifications 5.21. The platform will review the purchase and sale items and information (hereinafter referred to as “buy and sell information”) issued by the user. If it is found to contain prohibited sales, restricted sales or illegal information, the platform has the right. The sale and purchase information can be deleted at any time without notice. However, the user still needs to bear legal responsibility for the information published. If the user violates this usage specification or any service instructions for use on the platform, the platform reserves the right to immediately delete the information published by the user without notice. The rights of this platform. If the user's behavior violates relevant laws, the platform may also invite relevant departments to investigate and investigate the responsibility. 5.22. If the platform violates the rights of third parties other than the user or the PushBox platform or violates relevant regulations due to the information released by the user, and is subject to the compensation of the third party or the punishment of the relevant authority, the information is released. All losses and expenses incurred by the Platform shall be compensated. (10) Scope of Responsibility of the Platform 5.23.1. When the user uses the platform and enjoys the platform service, the user has read and accepted all the terms of this agreement. And the risk of committing to use the platform is borne by the user. This platform is provided on the basis of existing technology. This platform does not guarantee the following: a) The platform fully meets the requirements of users. b) The platform is undisturbed, can be provided in a timely manner, is safe and reliable, or is free of errors. c) The result of the use of the service is correct or reliable. d) Any goods or services purchased or obtained by the user through the platform are in full compliance with the user's expectations. 5.24. The user considers and measures whether to download or obtain the information through the platform, and any risks and liabilities arising therefrom are borne by the user. 5.25. Information and consultations obtained by users from or through the Platform, whether written or oral, shall in no way supersede the relevant provisions of this Agreement and the Platform, and shall not include or in any way constitute any warranty not expressly provided for in this Agreement. . 5.26 The Platform does not undertake any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive compensation or compensation for profits, interests, goodwill, use, loss of data or other intangible losses caused by: a) The platform is used or cannot be used. b) any goods purchased or obtained through or through the Platform, or received messages, or substitute goods and services resulting from the order. c) The user's transmission or data has been accessed or altered without authorization. d) the statement or conduct of any third party in the Platform. e) Other related matters of the platform. 5.27. This platform is only a platform for users to provide information, the legality, authenticity, validity and quality of the order items and the related information published by the users, and the ability of users to fulfill orders. Never assume responsibility. The Platform shall not be liable for any compensation or liability if the User is harmed or lost due to the use of the Platform, or the purchase of any goods or services posted on the Platform, or the use of relevant information. (11) Protection of intellectual property rights 5.28. Any related software, procedures and contents used by this platform and this platform, including but not limited to works, pictures, archives, materials, website structure, website layout, web design, via The advertisements or information presented to the users by the platform or advertisers are subject to the corresponding intellectual property rights, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, patents or other exclusive rights, by the platform or other rights holders, and are protected by relevant laws. Without the express authorization of the Platform or the Rights holder, the User shall ensure that the Platform and any of the above materials and resources used by the Platform are not modified, rented, loaned, sold or distributed, or that any kind of Article is made based on the above materials and resources. This platform grants users non-transferable and non-exclusive right to use. Users can use the target code of the platform (hereinafter referred to as “software”) through a stand-alone computer, but the user may not and must not allow any third person to copy, modify or create derivative works. , performing a restoration project, reverse-translation, or otherwise deciphering or attempting to decipher the source code, or sell, transfer, or sublicense the Software, or otherwise transfer the Software. The User agrees not to modify the Software in any way or to use the Modified Software. Users may not use the platform through interfaces not provided by this platform.
Chapter VI Interruption and Termination of Services
6.1. Due to the particularity of the online information platform, the platform is not responsible for the prior review of the order behavior of all users and other matters related to the order. However, if the following circumstances occur, the platform has the right to restrict the user's activities, verify the relevant information to the user without the consent of the user, and issue a warning notice, a temporary suspension, an indefinite suspension and a frozen account to refuse to provide services to the user, such as the user. If the behavior causes related losses or related losses to the platform, it shall also bear the corresponding legal liability and liability: 6.1.1. Reported by the platform user or the third-party platform, and provide relevant evidence to determine that a user or specific order has a violation of this When the agreement stipulates or violates the law, the platform cannot contact the user or certify or verify the relevant information in the user platform. 6.1.2. Each user can only register one account in “PushBox”, and the user can register multiple accounts. 6.1.3. After the user terminates the service provided by the platform, the user is registered as the user of the platform directly or indirectly or in the name of another person. 6.1.4. Users who terminate or freeze the account indefinitely stop the service and directly register it as a platform user through others. 6.1.5. Any abnormal use or acquisition of a brush-up behavior including but not limited to red packets, rewards, etc. PushBox rewards. 6.1.6. The user provides false information registration or has the above-mentioned prohibited speech or behavior. 6.1.7 Other acts that violate laws, regulations and platform-related regulations or cause damage to the platform or third party. 6.1.8 When the agreement or the relevant provisions of the platform are terminated or updated, the user expressly disagrees with the acceptance of the new agreement or regulation. 6.2. After the user account is stopped or cancelled, the user will not be able to use the platform to view all services except the browsing page, but the platform still has the right to retain all registration information and past order records of the user, and engage in illegal activities in the platform. In violation of this Agreement and related regulations, the Platform still has the right to exercise the rights stipulated in this Agreement and hold the user's legal responsibility. 6.3. If the user applies for termination of the platform services, the agreement with the platform is required to terminate the agreement with the platform. However, the platform still reserves the following rights: 6.3.1. The platform has the right to be in laws, regulations and rules. The user's data is retained for a period of time specified by other regulatory documents, including but not limited to previous user profiles, order records, and the like. . 6.3.2. If the user violates the law or violates this agreement before the service is terminated, the platform will continue to exercise the rights stipulated in this agreement.
Chapter VII Intellectual Property
7.1. All information (hereinafter referred to as “information”), such as product use experience, product discussion or pictures published by the user on this platform, except for the right of authorship, publication and modification (including but not limited to: copy right) , distribution rights, rental rights, exhibition rights, performance rights, screening rights, broadcasting rights, information network communication rights, filming rights, adaptation rights, translation rights, compilation rights, and other transferable rights that should be enjoyed by copyright owners) are exclusive Excludes free licenses to the platform and agrees that the platform will take any form of legal action in its own name on the protection of the rights and obtain full compensation. This Agreement constitutes a written agreement stipulated in Article 25 of the Copyright Law, and its validity and the content of any work protected by the copyright law published by the user on the PushBox platform, whether the content is formed before the signing of this agreement or this agreement After signing. 7.2. The related parties of the platform license have the right to use the product experience, product discussion or pictures published by the user on the platform or cooperate with others. The scope of use includes but is not limited to websites, platforms, e-magazines, magazines, publications, etc. . 7.3. Users are not allowed to use the services of this platform through interfaces not provided by this platform.
Chapter VIII Notices and Announcements
8.1. All notices and announcements sent by the platform to users will be announced through page announcements or application push or SMS, other marketing methods. And all content is deemed effective from the time of publication.
Chapter IX Force Majeure
9.1. Due to force majeure or other accidents, the performance of this Agreement is impossible, unnecessary or meaningless, and neither party is responsible. The term "force majeure" as used in this contract means an objective situation that cannot be foreseen, cannot be avoided, and cannot be overcome, including but not limited to interconnection network failures, computer, communication or other system failures, power failures, strikes, riots, disturbances, catastrophic weather. Objective situations such as fires, floods, storms, etc., explosions, wars, government actions or any other natural or man-made disaster.
Chapter 10 Disclaimer
10.1 The platform is not responsible for any of the following situations: 10.1.1. The user shall inform the account or password of the user or share the registered account with others, resulting in leakage of information caused by information leakage or other non-platform reasons. 10.1.2. Personal information leaked, lost, stolen or tampered with due to hacking, computer virus intrusion or temporary closure due to government regulation, which affects the normal operation of the network rather than the platform. 10.1.3. Any third party who uses your personal information in accordance with the statement of the platform-related services and the conditions specified in the service agreement, resulting in disputes arising therefrom. 10.1.4. The users shall not use non-platform third party chat software during the order process, and may not leave other communication numbers with each other, resulting in disputes due to illegal communication. 10.1.5. The fee paid by the user during the withdrawal process is charged by the non-PushBox platform and charged by the third-party platform Alipay/WeChat. PushBox is not responsible. The user needs to pay the withdrawal fee on the platform withdrawal (the withdrawal fee rate is based on the online formula agreement, PushBox has the right to change and publicize according to the industry third-party payment platform policy changes). 10.1.6 After the person has contacted with the demander, the payment or other payment methods are used to make remittance, transfer, etc. through other payment platforms (including not limited to the customer guidance service merchant line order service provider agreed; service merchant From the platform to obtain employer information, and any other form of offline orders), the user is responsible for and responsible for all economic losses and personal injury caused by offline orders. 10.1.7. PushBox only provides users with a platform for information sharing, transmission and retrieval. Users must be responsible for all actions under their registered account, including any content transmitted by the user and any consequences arising therefrom. PushBox reviews the information uploaded by the user, but does not have the right to verify and verify the user's personal information. The user should fully understand and objectively judge the information of the order object. If the personal property damage caused by the blind order is lost, PushBox has no right to be responsible. 10.1.8. All disclaimers listed in the Service Statement and Service Agreement of this Platform. 10.1.9. The website or the client has links to other website pages. The platform is not responsible for the content, privacy policy, operation of the website or the behavior of the companies that operate these websites. Before providing personal information to a website linked to a third-party platform, please refer to the relevant rules and policies of the platform, and the disclosure of personal information caused by other websites linked with this website and the resulting disputes and disputes with this platform Nothing. 10.1.10. PushBox obtains the right to deal with illegal or breach of contract content in accordance with laws and regulations and this agreement. This right does not constitute the obligations or promises of PushBox. The platform has no obligation to deal with the above content. The platform also has no ability to handle undiscovered, possible, potential, sudden violations or default order behavior. 10.2 Information leaked or lost due to force majeure.
Chapter 11 Platform Security
11.1 When the user accepts the agreement, the user should clearly understand and agree: 11.1.1. The platform has the right to use the relevant information of the customer. 11.1.2. The platform does not sell or lend the user's personal or legal information to anyone unless prior permission is obtained from the user. 11.1.3. When the Platform does not allow users to collect, edit, sell or distribute the User's personal or legal information by any means by any means. If the user engages in the above activities, upon discovery, the platform has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user and handle it according to the relevant regulations of the platform. 11.2 The personal or legal person information of the user on the platform may be disclosed in part or in whole under the following circumstances: 11.2.1. Disclosed to the third party with the consent of the user. 11.2.2. In the process of using the platform, the user involves intellectual property disputes. If a third party claims rights, the platform considers that disclosure of user information is helpful for dispute resolution after reviewing the information submitted by the claimant. 11.2.3. According to the relevant provisions of the law, or the requirements of the administrative and judicial organs, disclose to third parties or administrative and judicial authorities. 11.2.4. If the user violates the relevant laws or platform regulations of China, it needs to be disclosed to a third party. 11.2.5. In order to provide the products and services required by the platform users, the personal or legal person information of the users must be shared with the third party. 11.2.6. If the user or a third party applies for the disclosure of other user information on the platform, the platform shall have the right to request the applicant to issue a written application according to the actual situation. The content of the application shall include the scope of the information disclosed, the purpose of use and the use commitment. 11.2.7. Other disclosures that the Platform considers appropriate in accordance with legal or platform requirements. 11.3. Information Security 11.3.1. When using the platform service to make online orders, users are requested to protect their personal or legal person information and provide it to others only when necessary. 11.3.2. If the user finds that the personal or legal person information is leaked, especially if the user account or the “payment account management” account and password are leaked, please contact the platform in time to communicate. 11.4. This platform is only a platform for providing service orders. The platform does not assume any guarantee responsibility for the legality, authenticity and quality of the users' published requirements and the ability of users to fulfill orders.
Chapter 12 Dispute Resolution
12.1 The validity, performance and all matters relating to the validity of this Agreement and its rules will be governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China and any dispute shall be governed only by the laws of the People's Republic of China. 12.2. For any disputes arising from the performance of this Agreement and its rules and all disputes and infringements arising from orders placed on the platform, the Platform shall assist the User in handling the disputes arising from the order. If the parties have no agreement, they may file an arbitration application with the Platform. If the circumstances are serious, PushBox has the right to assist the relevant judicial authorities in handling the dispute. 12.3. The information uploaded by the user will be reviewed by the platform as soon as possible. During the information review period, the platform cannot assume responsibility and has no right to handle all disputes arising from any situation.
Chapter XIII Agreement Complete
13.1 This Agreement consists of the terms of this Agreement and the systems disclosed under the User Manual of this Platform. Relevant terms may be referred to each other. If there is a different understanding, the terms of this Agreement shall prevail. 13.2 The User understands and agrees with this Agreement, that is, understands and agrees with the contents of all the components of this Agreement. Once the User uses the Service, the User and the Platform are bound by all the components of this Agreement.
Chapter 14 Others
14.1. This Platform has the final right to interpret this Agreement in accordance with the rules set forth in this Agreement. 14.2 The relevant terms of this Agreement are divisible. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are found to be invalid or unenforceable, the terms may be deleted without affecting the continuation of the remaining provisions of the Agreement. 14.3. Nothing in this Agreement shall be valid for any reason or for no reason, and the remaining provisions shall remain in force and shall be binding on both parties.





